README.md, before:

# KONG: Microservice Management Layer

[![Build Status][travis-badge]][travis-url]
[![Circle CI][circleci-badge]][circleci-url]
[![License Badge][license-badge]][license-url]
[![Gitter Badge][gitter-badge]][gitter-url]

- Website: [getkong.org][kong-url]
- Documentation: [getkong.org/docs][kong-docs]
- Mailing List: [Google Groups][google-groups-url]

[![][kong-logo]][kong-url]

Kong was created to secure, manage and extend Microservices & APIs. Kong is powered by the battle-tested tech of **NGINX** and Cassandra with a focus on scalability, high performance & reliability. Kong runs in production at [Mashape][mashape-url] handling billions of requests to over ten thousand APIs.

## Summary

- [**Feature**](#features)
- [**Why Kong?**](#why-kong?)
- [**Benchmarks**](#benchmarks)
- [**Resources**](#resources)
- [**Roadmap**](#roadmap)
- [**Development**](#development)
- [**Enterprise Support**](#enterprise-support)

## Features

- **CLI**: Control your Kong cluster from the command line just like Neo in The Matrix.
- **REST API**: Kong can be operated with its RESTful API for maximum flexibility.
- **Scalability**: Distributed by nature, Kong scales horizontally simply by adding nodes.
- **Performance**: Kong handles load with ease by scaling and using NGINX at the core.
- **Plugins**: Extendable architecture for adding functionality to Kong and APIs.
  - **OAuth2.0**: Add easily an OAuth2.0 authentication to your APIs.
  - **Logging**: Log requests and responses to your system over HTTP, TCP, UDP or to disk.
  - **IP-restriction**: Whitelist or blacklist IPs that can make requests.
  - **Analytics**: Visualize, Inspect and Monitor API traffic with [Mashape Analytics](https://apianalytics.com).
  - **SSL**: Setup a specific SSL certificate for an underlying service or API
  - **Monitoring**: Live monitoring provides key load and performance server metrics.
  - **Authentication**: Manage consumer credentials query string and header tokens.
  - **Rate-limiting**: Block and throttle requests based on IP, authentication or body size.
  - **Transformations**: Add, remove or manipulate HTTP requests and responses.
  - **CORS**: Enable cross-origin requests to your APIs that would otherwise be blocked.
  - **Anything**: Need custom functionality? Extend Kong with your own Lua plugins!

## Why Kong?

If you're building for web, mobile or IoT (Internet of Things) you will likely end up needing common functionality on top of your actual software. Kong can help by acting as a gateway for HTTP requests while providing logging, authentication, rate-limiting and more through plugins.

[![][kong-benefits]][kong-url]

## Benchmarks

We've load tested Kong and Cassandra on AWS; you can see our [benchmark report here](http://getkong.org/about/benchmark/).

## Resources

Kong comes in many shapes. While this repository contains its core's source code, other repos are also under active development:

- [Kong Docker](https://github.com/Mashape/docker-kong): A Dockerfile for running Kong in Docker.
- [Kong Vagrant](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-vagrant): A Vagrantfile for provisioning a development ready environment for Kong.
- [Kong Homebrew](https://github.com/Mashape/homebrew-kong): Homebrew Formula for Kong.
- [Kong AWS](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-dist-cloudformation): Kong CloudFormation stack.
- [Kong Distributions](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-distributions): Packaging scripts for deb, rpm and osx distributions.

## Roadmap

You can find a detailed Roadmap of Kong on the [Wiki](https://github.com/Mashape/kong/wiki).

## Development

If you are planning on developing on Kong (writing your own plugin or contribute to the core), you'll need a development installation.

#### Vagrant

You can use a Vagrant box running Kong and Cassandra that you can find at [Mashape/kong-vagrant](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-vagrant).

#### Source Install

First, make sure you have downloaded [Cassandra](http://cassandra.apache.org/download/) and that it is running.

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/Mashape/kong
$ cd kong/

# Build and install Kong globally using Luarocks, overriding the version previously installed
$ [sudo] make install

# Install all development dependencies and create your environment configuration files
$ make dev

# Finally, run Kong with the just created development configuration
$ kong start -c kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml
```

The `lua_package_path` directive in the configuration specifies that the Lua code in your local folder will be used in favor of the system installation. The `lua_code_cache` directive being turned off, you can start Kong, edit your local files, and test your code without restarting Kong.

#### Makefile Operations

When developing, use the `Makefile` for doing the following operations:

| Name          | Description                                                              |
| -------------:| -------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `install`     | Install the Kong luarock globally                                        |
| `dev`         | Setup your development environment                                       |
| `clean`       | Clean your development environment                                       |
| `start`       | Start the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)             |
| `restart`     | Restart the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)           |
| `seed`        | Seed the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)              |
| `drop`        | Drop the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)              |
| `lint`        | Lint Lua files in `kong/` and `spec/`                                    |
| `test`        | Run the unit tests                                                       |
| `test-integration` | Run the integration tests (Kong + DAO)                               |
| `test-plugins` | Run unit + integration tests of all plugins                              |
| `test-all`    | Run all unit + integration tests at once                                 |
| `coverage`    | Run all tests + coverage report                                          |

## Enterprise Support

Support, Demo, Training, API Certifications and Consulting available at http://getkong.org/enterprise.

[kong-url]: http://getkong.org/
[kong-docs]: http://getkong.org/docs/

[kong-logo]: http://i.imgur.com/4jyQQAZ.png
[kong-benefits]: http://cl.ly/image/1B3J3b3h1H1c/Image%202015-07-07%20at%206.57.25%20PM.png

[mashape-url]: https://www.mashape.com

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/Mashape/kong
[travis-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/Mashape/kong.svg?style=flat

[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/Mashape/kong
[circleci-badge]: https://circleci.com/gh/Mashape/kong.svg?style=shield

[license-url]: https://github.com/Mashape/kong/blob/master/LICENSE
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/kong.svg

[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/Mashape/kong
[gitter-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitter-Join%20Chat-blue.svg

[google-groups-url]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/konglayer

Commit message:

Response Rate Limiting plugin and support for flexible schemas

README.md, after:

# KONG: Microservice Management Layer

[![Build Status][travis-badge]][travis-url]
[![Circle CI][circleci-badge]][circleci-url]
[![License Badge][license-badge]][license-url]
[![Gitter Badge][gitter-badge]][gitter-url]

- Website: [getkong.org][kong-url]
- Documentation: [getkong.org/docs][kong-docs]
- Mailing List: [Google Groups][google-groups-url]

[![][kong-logo]][kong-url]

Kong was created to secure, manage and extend Microservices & APIs. Kong is powered by the battle-tested tech of **NGINX** and Cassandra with a focus on scalability, high performance & reliability. Kong runs in production at [Mashape][mashape-url] handling billions of requests to over ten thousand APIs.

## Summary

- [**Feature**](#features)
- [**Why Kong?**](#why-kong)
- [**Benchmarks**](#benchmarks)
- [**Resources**](#resources)
- [**Roadmap**](#roadmap)
- [**Development**](#development)
- [**Enterprise Support**](#enterprise-support)

## Features

- **CLI**: Control your Kong cluster from the command line just like Neo in The Matrix.
- **REST API**: Kong can be operated with its RESTful API for maximum flexibility.
- **Scalability**: Distributed by nature, Kong scales horizontally simply by adding nodes.
- **Performance**: Kong handles load with ease by scaling and using NGINX at the core.
- **Plugins**: Extendable architecture for adding functionality to Kong and APIs.
  - **OAuth2.0**: Add easily an OAuth2.0 authentication to your APIs.
  - **Logging**: Log requests and responses to your system over HTTP, TCP, UDP or to disk.
  - **IP-restriction**: Whitelist or blacklist IPs that can make requests.
  - **Analytics**: Visualize, Inspect and Monitor API traffic with [Mashape Analytics](https://apianalytics.com).
  - **SSL**: Setup a specific SSL certificate for an underlying service or API
  - **Monitoring**: Live monitoring provides key load and performance server metrics.
  - **Authentication**: Manage consumer credentials query string and header tokens.
  - **Rate-limiting**: Block and throttle requests based on IP, authentication or body size.
  - **Transformations**: Add, remove or manipulate HTTP requests and responses.
  - **CORS**: Enable cross-origin requests to your APIs that would otherwise be blocked.
  - **Anything**: Need custom functionality? Extend Kong with your own Lua plugins!

For more info about plugins, you can check out the [Plugin Gallery](https://getkong.org/plugins/).

## Why Kong?

If you're building for web, mobile or IoT (Internet of Things) you will likely end up needing common functionality on top of your actual software. Kong can help by acting as a gateway for HTTP requests while providing logging, authentication, rate-limiting and more through plugins.

[![][kong-benefits]][kong-url]

## Benchmarks

We've load tested Kong and Cassandra on AWS; you can see our [benchmark report here](http://getkong.org/about/benchmark/).

## Resources

Kong comes in many shapes. While this repository contains its core's source code, other repos are also under active development:

- [Kong Docker](https://github.com/Mashape/docker-kong): A Dockerfile for running Kong in Docker.
- [Kong Vagrant](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-vagrant): A Vagrantfile for provisioning a development ready environment for Kong.
- [Kong Homebrew](https://github.com/Mashape/homebrew-kong): Homebrew Formula for Kong.
- [Kong AWS](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-dist-cloudformation): Kong CloudFormation stack.
- [Kong Distributions](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-distributions): Packaging scripts for deb, rpm and osx distributions.

## Roadmap

You can find a detailed Roadmap of Kong on the [Wiki](https://github.com/Mashape/kong/wiki).

## Development

If you are planning on developing on Kong (writing your own plugin or contribute to the core), you'll need a development installation.

#### Vagrant

You can use a Vagrant box running Kong and Cassandra that you can find at [Mashape/kong-vagrant](https://github.com/Mashape/kong-vagrant).

#### Source Install

First, make sure you have downloaded [Cassandra](http://cassandra.apache.org/download/) and that it is running.

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/Mashape/kong
$ cd kong/

# Build and install Kong globally using Luarocks, overriding the version previously installed
$ [sudo] make install

# Install all development dependencies and create your environment configuration files
$ make dev

# Finally, run Kong with the just created development configuration
$ kong start -c kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml
```

The `lua_package_path` directive in the configuration specifies that the Lua code in your local folder will be used in favor of the system installation. The `lua_code_cache` directive being turned off, you can start Kong, edit your local files, and test your code without restarting Kong.

#### Makefile Operations

When developing, use the `Makefile` for doing the following operations:

| Name          | Description                                                              |
| -------------:| -------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `install`     | Install the Kong luarock globally                                        |
| `dev`         | Setup your development environment                                       |
| `clean`       | Clean your development environment                                       |
| `start`       | Start the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)             |
| `restart`     | Restart the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)           |
| `seed`        | Seed the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)              |
| `drop`        | Drop the `DEVELOPMENT` environment (`kong_DEVELOPMENT.yml`)              |
| `lint`        | Lint Lua files in `kong/` and `spec/`                                    |
| `test`        | Run the unit tests                                                       |
| `test-integration` | Run the integration tests (Kong + DAO)                               |
| `test-plugins` | Run unit + integration tests of all plugins                              |
| `test-all`    | Run all unit + integration tests at once                                 |
| `coverage`    | Run all tests + coverage report                                          |

## Enterprise Support

Support, Demo, Training, API Certifications and Consulting available at http://getkong.org/enterprise.

[kong-url]: http://getkong.org/
[kong-docs]: http://getkong.org/docs/

[kong-logo]: http://i.imgur.com/4jyQQAZ.png
[kong-benefits]: http://cl.ly/image/1B3J3b3h1H1c/Image%202015-07-07%20at%206.57.25%20PM.png

[mashape-url]: https://www.mashape.com

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/Mashape/kong
[travis-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/Mashape/kong.svg?style=flat

[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/Mashape/kong
[circleci-badge]: https://circleci.com/gh/Mashape/kong.svg?style=shield

[license-url]: https://github.com/Mashape/kong/blob/master/LICENSE
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/kong.svg

[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/Mashape/kong
[gitter-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitter-Join%20Chat-blue.svg

[google-groups-url]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/konglayer
