UPGRADE.md, before:

This document guides you through the process of upgrading Kong. First, check if a section named "Upgrade to Kong `x.x.x`" exists (`x.x.x`) being the version you are planning to upgrade to. If such a section does not exist, the upgrade you want to perform does not have any particular instructions, and you can simply consult the [Suggested upgrade path](#suggested-upgrade-path).

## Suggested upgrade path

Unless indicated otherwise in one of the upgrade paths of this document, it is possible to upgrade Kong **without downtime**:

Considering that Kong is already running on your system, acquire the latest version from any of the available [installation methods](https://getkong.org/install/) and proceed to installing it, overriding your previous installation. Once done, consider that this is a good time to also modify your configuration.

Then, run any new migration to upgrade your database schema:

```shell
$ kong migrations up [-c configuration_file]
...
[OK] Schema up to date
```

If you see the "Schema up to date" message, you only have to [reload](https://getkong.org/docs/latest/cli/#reload) Kong:

```shell
$ kong reload [-c configuration_file]
```

**Reminder**: `kong reload` leverages the Nginx `reload` signal and seamlessly starts new workers taking over the old ones until they all have been terminated. This will guarantee you no drop in your current incoming traffic.

## Upgrade to `0.6.x`

The configuration file changed in this release. Make sure to check out the new default one and update it to your needs. In particular, make sure that:

```yaml
plugins_available:
  - key-auth
  - ...
  - custom-plugin
proxy_port: ...
proxy_ssl_port: ...
admin_api_port: ...
databases_available:
  cassandra:
    properties:
      contact_points:
        - ...
```

becomes:

```yaml
custom_plugins:
  - only-custom-plugins
proxy_listen: ...
proxy_listen_ssl: ...
admin_api_listen: ...
cassandra:
  contact_points:
    - ...
```

Secondly, if you installed Kong from source or maintain a development installation, you will need to have [Serf](https://www.serfdom.io) installed on your system and available in your `$PATH`. Serf is included with all the distribution packages and images available at [getkong.org/install](https://getkong.org/install/).

The same way, this should already be the case but make sure that LuaJIT is in your `$PATH` too as the CLI interpreter switched from Lua 5.1 to LuaJIT. Distribution packages also include LuaJIT.

In order to start Kong with its new clustering and cache invalidation capabilities, you will need to restart your node(s) (and not reload):

```shell
$ kong restart [-c configuration_file]
```

Read more about the new clustering capabilities of Kong 0.6.0 and its configurations in the [Clustering documentation](https://getkong.org/docs/0.6.x/clustering/).

## Upgrade to `0.5.x`

Migrating to 0.5.x can be done **without downtime** by following those instructions. It is important that you be running Kong `0.4.2` and have the latest release of Python 2.7 on your system when executing those steps.

> Several changes were introduced in this version: some plugins and properties were renamed and the database schema slightly changed to introduce "plugins migrations". Now, each plugin can have its own migration if it needs to store data in your cluster. This is not a regular migration since the schema of the table handling the migrations itself changed.

##### 1. Configuration file

You will need to update your configuration file. Replace the `plugins_available` values with:

```yaml
plugins_available:
  - ssl
  - jwt
  - acl
  - cors
  - oauth2
  - tcp-log
  - udp-log
  - file-log
  - http-log
  - key-auth
  - hmac-auth
  - basic-auth
  - ip-restriction
  - mashape-analytics
  - request-transformer
  - response-transformer
  - request-size-limiting
  - rate-limiting
  - response-ratelimiting
```

You can still remove plugins you don't use for a lighter Kong.

Also replace the Cassandra `hosts` property with `contact_points`:

```yaml
properties:
  contact_points:
    - "..."
    - "..."
  timeout: 1000
  keyspace: kong
  keepalive: 60000
```

##### 2. Migration script

[This Python script](https://github.com/Mashape/kong/blob/0.5.0/scripts/migration.py) will take care of migrating your database schema should you execute the following instructions:

```shell
# First, make sure you are already running Kong 0.4.2

# Clone the Kong git repository if you don't already have it:
$ git clone https://github.com/Mashape/kong.git

# Go to the 'scripts/' folder:
$ cd kong/scripts

# Install the Python script dependencies:
$ pip install cassandra-driver pyyaml

# The script will use the first Cassandra contact point in your Kong configuration file
# (the first of the 'contact_points' property) so make sure it is valid and has the format 'host:port'.

# Run the migration script:
$ python migration.py -c /path/to/kong/config
```

If everything went well the script should print a success message. **At this point, your database is compatible with both Kong 0.4.2 and 0.5.x.** If you are running more than one Kong node, you simply have to follow step 3. for each one of them now.

##### 3. Upgrade without downtime

You can now upgrade Kong to `0.5.x.` Proceed as a regular upgrade and follow the suggested upgrade path, in particular the `kong reload` command.

##### 4. Purge your Cassandra cluster

Finally, once Kong has restarted in 0.5.x, run the migration script again, with the `--purge` flag:

```shell
$ python migration.py -c /path/to/kong/config --purge
```

Your cluster is now fully migrated to `0.5.x`.

##### Other changes to acknowledge

Some entities and properties were renamed to avoid confusion:

- Properties belonging to APIs entities have been renamed for clarity:
  - `public_dns` -> `request_host`
  - `path` -> `request_path`
  - `strip_path` -> `strip_request_path`
  - `target_url` -> `upstream_url`
- `plugins_configurations` have been renamed to `plugins`, and their `value` property has been renamed to `config` to avoid confusions.
- The Key authentication and Basic authentication plugins routes have changed:

```
Old route                             New route
/consumers/:consumer/keyauth       -> /consumers/:consumer/key-auth
/consumers/:consumer/keyauth/:id   -> /consumers/:consumer/key-auth/:id
/consumers/:consumer/basicauth     -> /consumers/:consumer/basic-auth
/consumers/:consumer/basicauth/:id -> /consumers/:consumer/basic-auth/:id
```

The old routes are still maintained but will be removed in upcoming versions. Consider them **deprecated**.

- Admin API:
  - The route to retrieve enabled plugins is now under `/plugins/enabled`.
  - The route to retrieve a plugin's configuration schema is now under `/plugins/schema/{plugin name}`.

## Upgrade to Kong `0.4.2`

The configuration format for specifying the port of your Cassandra instance changed. Replace:

```yaml
cassandra:
  properties:
    hosts: "localhost"
    port: 9042
```

by:

```yaml
cassandra:
  properties:
    hosts:
      - "localhost:9042"
```

## Upgrade to `0.3.x`

Kong now requires a patch on OpenResty for SSL support. On Homebrew you will need to reinstall OpenResty.

#### Homebrew

```shell
$ brew update
$ brew reinstall mashape/kong/ngx_openresty
$ brew upgrade kong
```

#### Troubleshoot

If you are seeing a similar error on `kong start`:

```
nginx: [error] [lua] init_by_lua:5: Startup error: Cassandra error: Failed to prepare statement: "SELECT id FROM apis WHERE path = ?;". Cassandra returned error (Invalid): "Undefined name path in where clause ('path = ?')"
```

You can run the following command to update your schema:

```
$ kong migrations up
```

Please consider updating to `0.3.1` or greater which automatically handles the schema migration.

Commit message:

docs(upgrade) 0.5.x upgrade precisions
- one must upgrade to 0.5 before 0.6
- python C* driver must be 2.7.2

UPGRADE.md, after:

This document guides you through the process of upgrading Kong. First, check if a section named "Upgrade to Kong `x.x.x`" exists (`x.x.x`) being the version you are planning to upgrade to. If such a section does not exist, the upgrade you want to perform does not have any particular instructions, and you can simply consult the [Suggested upgrade path](#suggested-upgrade-path).

## Suggested upgrade path

Unless indicated otherwise in one of the upgrade paths of this document, it is possible to upgrade Kong **without downtime**:

Considering that Kong is already running on your system, acquire the latest version from any of the available [installation methods](https://getkong.org/install/) and proceed to installing it, overriding your previous installation. Once done, consider that this is a good time to also modify your configuration.

Then, run any new migration to upgrade your database schema:

```shell
$ kong migrations up [-c configuration_file]
...
[OK] Schema up to date
```

If you see the "Schema up to date" message, you only have to [reload](https://getkong.org/docs/latest/cli/#reload) Kong:

```shell
$ kong reload [-c configuration_file]
```

**Reminder**: `kong reload` leverages the Nginx `reload` signal and seamlessly starts new workers taking over the old ones until they all have been terminated. This will guarantee you no drop in your current incoming traffic.

## Upgrade to `0.6.x`

**Note**: if you are using Kong 0.4.x or earlier, you must first upgrade to Kong 0.5.x.

The configuration file changed in this release. Make sure to check out the new default one and update it to your needs. In particular, make sure that:

```yaml
plugins_available:
  - key-auth
  - ...
  - custom-plugin
proxy_port: ...
proxy_ssl_port: ...
admin_api_port: ...
databases_available:
  cassandra:
    properties:
      contact_points:
        - ...
```

becomes:

```yaml
custom_plugins:
  - only-custom-plugins
proxy_listen: ...
proxy_listen_ssl: ...
admin_api_listen: ...
cassandra:
  contact_points:
    - ...
```

Secondly, if you installed Kong from source or maintain a development installation, you will need to have [Serf](https://www.serfdom.io) installed on your system and available in your `$PATH`. Serf is included with all the distribution packages and images available at [getkong.org/install](https://getkong.org/install/).

The same way, this should already be the case but make sure that LuaJIT is in your `$PATH` too as the CLI interpreter switched from Lua 5.1 to LuaJIT. Distribution packages also include LuaJIT.

In order to start Kong with its new clustering and cache invalidation capabilities, you will need to restart your node(s) (and not reload):

```shell
$ kong restart [-c configuration_file]
```

Read more about the new clustering capabilities of Kong 0.6.0 and its configurations in the [Clustering documentation](https://getkong.org/docs/0.6.x/clustering/).

## Upgrade to `0.5.x`

Migrating to 0.5.x can be done **without downtime** by following those instructions. It is important that you be running Kong `0.4.2` and have the latest release of Python 2.7 on your system when executing those steps.

> Several changes were introduced in this version: some plugins and properties were renamed and the database schema slightly changed to introduce "plugins migrations". Now, each plugin can have its own migration if it needs to store data in your cluster. This is not a regular migration since the schema of the table handling the migrations itself changed.

##### 1. Configuration file

You will need to update your configuration file. Replace the `plugins_available` values with:

```yaml
plugins_available:
  - ssl
  - jwt
  - acl
  - cors
  - oauth2
  - tcp-log
  - udp-log
  - file-log
  - http-log
  - key-auth
  - hmac-auth
  - basic-auth
  - ip-restriction
  - mashape-analytics
  - request-transformer
  - response-transformer
  - request-size-limiting
  - rate-limiting
  - response-ratelimiting
```

You can still remove plugins you don't use for a lighter Kong.

Also replace the Cassandra `hosts` property with `contact_points`:

```yaml
properties:
  contact_points:
    - "..."
    - "..."
  timeout: 1000
  keyspace: kong
  keepalive: 60000
```

##### 2. Migration script

[This Python script](https://github.com/Mashape/kong/blob/0.5.0/scripts/migration.py) will take care of migrating your database schema should you execute the following instructions:

```shell
# First, make sure you are already running Kong 0.4.2

# Clone the Kong git repository if you don't already have it:
$ git clone https://github.com/Mashape/kong.git

# Go to the 'scripts/' folder:
$ cd kong/scripts

# Install the Python script dependencies:
$ pip install cassandra-driver==2.7.2 pyyaml

# The script will use the first Cassandra contact point in your Kong configuration file
# (the first of the 'contact_points' property) so make sure it is valid and has the format 'host:port'.

# Run the migration script:
$ python migration.py -c /path/to/kong/config
```

If everything went well the script should print a success message. **At this point, your database is compatible with both Kong 0.4.2 and 0.5.x.** If you are running more than one Kong node, you simply have to follow step 3. for each one of them now.

##### 3. Upgrade without downtime

You can now upgrade Kong to `0.5.x.` Proceed as a regular upgrade and follow the suggested upgrade path, in particular the `kong reload` command.

##### 4. Purge your Cassandra cluster

Finally, once Kong has restarted in 0.5.x, run the migration script again, with the `--purge` flag:

```shell
$ python migration.py -c /path/to/kong/config --purge
```

Your cluster is now fully migrated to `0.5.x`.

##### Other changes to acknowledge

Some entities and properties were renamed to avoid confusion:

- Properties belonging to APIs entities have been renamed for clarity:
  - `public_dns` -> `request_host`
  - `path` -> `request_path`
  - `strip_path` -> `strip_request_path`
  - `target_url` -> `upstream_url`
- `plugins_configurations` have been renamed to `plugins`, and their `value` property has been renamed to `config` to avoid confusions.
- The Key authentication and Basic authentication plugins routes have changed:

```
Old route                             New route
/consumers/:consumer/keyauth       -> /consumers/:consumer/key-auth
/consumers/:consumer/keyauth/:id   -> /consumers/:consumer/key-auth/:id
/consumers/:consumer/basicauth     -> /consumers/:consumer/basic-auth
/consumers/:consumer/basicauth/:id -> /consumers/:consumer/basic-auth/:id
```

The old routes are still maintained but will be removed in upcoming versions. Consider them **deprecated**.

- Admin API:
  - The route to retrieve enabled plugins is now under `/plugins/enabled`.
  - The route to retrieve a plugin's configuration schema is now under `/plugins/schema/{plugin name}`.

## Upgrade to Kong `0.4.2`

The configuration format for specifying the port of your Cassandra instance changed. Replace:

```yaml
cassandra:
  properties:
    hosts: "localhost"
    port: 9042
```

by:

```yaml
cassandra:
  properties:
    hosts:
      - "localhost:9042"
```

## Upgrade to `0.3.x`

Kong now requires a patch on OpenResty for SSL support. On Homebrew you will need to reinstall OpenResty.

#### Homebrew

```shell
$ brew update
$ brew reinstall mashape/kong/ngx_openresty
$ brew upgrade kong
```

#### Troubleshoot

If you are seeing a similar error on `kong start`:

```
nginx: [error] [lua] init_by_lua:5: Startup error: Cassandra error: Failed to prepare statement: "SELECT id FROM apis WHERE path = ?;". Cassandra returned error (Invalid): "Undefined name path in where clause ('path = ?')"
```

You can run the following command to update your schema:

```
$ kong migrations up
```

Please consider updating to `0.3.1` or greater which automatically handles the schema migration.
